Add Developer-First Products (#1914)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Wardley Maps](https://github.com/wardley-maps-community/awesome-wardley-maps#readme) - Provides high situational awareness to help improve strategic planning and decision making.
- [Social Enterprise](https://github.com/RayBB/awesome-social-enterprise#readme) - Building an organization primarily focused on social impact that is at least partially self-funded.
- [Engineering Team Management](https://github.com/kdeldycke/awesome-engineering-team-management#readme) - How to transition from software development to engineering management.

> - [Developer-First Products](https://github.com/agamm/awesome-developer-first) - Products that target developers as the users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Developer-First Products](https://github.com/agamm/awesome-developer-first#readme) - Products that target developers as the user. 
```
